Clarify docs on collections regarding the need for front matter (#7538)
jekyll/jekyll: docs/_docs/collections.md

Create a corresponding folder (e.g. `<source>/_staff_members`) and add
documents. Front matter is processed if the front matter exists, and everything
after the front matter is pushed into the document's `content` attribute. If no front

> matter is provided, Jekyll will consider it to be a [static file](https://jekyllrb.com/docs/static-files/)

Reviewer: Please consider using host-agnostic links so that they can be traversed locally:
 ```suggestion
matter is provided, Jekyll will consider it to be a [static file](/docs/static-files/)
```

> and copy it to the destination without processing (e.g. `_site`). If front matter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and copy it to the destination (e.g. `_site`) without processing. If front matter
```

> is provided, Jekyll will not process and copy the file in your collection by default

Reviewer: Further clarification:
```suggestion
is provided, Jekyll will process the file in your collection but will not write to disk
```

> unless `output: true` is set in the collections metadata.

Reviewer: typo:
```suggestion
unless `output: true` is set in the collection's metadata.
```
